---
layout: single
title: Kart Rental FAQ
permalink: /faq/
author: Mark
header:
  image: /assets/images/header_kart_front.jpg
classes: wide
---

## Cost
The total cost from Concept3Racing will be $400 for a test day, $750 for a 2 day race, $900 for a 3 day race. This includes:
* Kart and kart stand
* Fuel/Oil
* Tires: dry and wet (may not be new but will be sufficient for the race. If we wouldn’t race them, we won’t make you race them)
* Suit
* Transportation of kart to and from event
* Maintenance and repairs (exclusions apply)
* Pit spot under our tent
* Limited coaching if requested
* Neck and rib protectors
* Transponder and data acquisition

This does not include the following (not a comprehensive list):
* Entry fees (practice and race)
* Member license fee (if applicable)
* Any additional track fees
* Travel to/from event
* Lodging
* Food
* Helmet/gloves/shoes

These prices do not include additional fees or charges for excessive or reckless behavior or driving that causes damage.
A deposit of $250 is required when booking. This is refundable up until 2 weeks prior to the practice day. After that we will make efforts to work with you to see if there is another individual willing to take your spot but there are no guarantees.  Full payment is required 24 hours prior to practice or track opening, whichever is sooner.

## Driver Information:
To make sure that your kart is sized for you and meets the minimum requirements we require the following information:
* Age
* Weight
* Height
* Waist size
* Chest size
* Contact information (cell # and email minimum)
* Intended class (lights/heavy/masters)

## Required Safety Equipment
- [CKT Required Safety Equipment](https://www.coloradokartingtour.com/required-safety-equipment)
- Underwear (gym shorts or similar and a shirt to wear under the suit)

## Recommended Equipment
* Sunscreen
* Cooler with ice, water, and food while at the track (there may be some available at events through concessions or food trucks)
* Cool wraps
* Sunglasses
* Hat
* Earplugs (some wear them while racing, some don’t, it can be loud in the pits too)
* Chair (folding/camp)

## Itinerary
We do not control the event times and adjustments or changes may be made at any time by the race organizers or track owners. We are not responsible for these changes and no refunds or exchanges will be given as a result or consequence of these changes.

[Typical race day](https://www.coloradokartingtour.com/a-typical-race-day/)

## Safety
Safety is our number one priority on and off the track.
You have been provided a kart that we feel is safe to use and we would be willing to race.
If at any time there is something that you feel we need to look at you must bring it to our attention immediately for evaluation.
Failure to do so may result in (but not limited to) reduced track time, increased cost to you, disqualification, injury, or death.

## Rules
You will be expected to follow the [rules and regulations governing CKT](https://www.coloradokartingtour.com/general-resources/)

## On and Off Track Conduct

We expect you to conduct yourself in a courteous and professional manner before, during, and after the event.
Abusive, threatening, or aggressive behavior will not be tolerated.
Failure to follow these guidelines may be grounds for actions such as your removal from the event or track.
No refunds will be provided and additional penalties or fees may be assessed to you for such behavior.

These karts are durable but not indestructible.
Excessive bumping, curb cutting, crashes, driving off track, or other potentially dangerous driving may result in (but not limited to) reduced track time, increased cost to you, disqualification, injury, or death.
Care should be exercised for the duration of the event.

We do not run or control the event or venue.
All directions from track officials, owners, club board members shall be followed and all decisions they make are final.

## Cancelation
We do not run or control the event or venue and there exists the possibility of an event being postponed, canceled, or shortened due to things out of our control. A day for the event is considered to have started the first time any kart in the class you have registered for has taken the track. If a day of an event is cancelled you will receive a refund equal to that portion of the event. We are not responsible for any fees, bookings, or other costs you may have incurred. We will work to communicate any information regarding cancellations, shortened events, or delays in a timely fashion via any of the contact methods you have provided us. Since we do not control the event or venue this information may come with very little notice, an example: you may already be at the track and ready.

## Contact Us

We want to have a fun and safe event with you, please let us know if you have any comments or questions don’t hesitate to reach out to us!

* Phone: [720-468-0490](tel:720-468-0490)
* Email: [info@concept3racing.com](mailto:info@concept3racing.com)
